what's up people missed the blackout
here welcome back to another gameplay
commentary hope you're bouncing to the
music I brought a guest with me today
and she's smiling at me like a Cheshire
Cat hello mrs. B hello anyway a lot of
you been asking for mrs. B to come on
and do a dual commentary with me and
we've been drinking tonight just to
loosen up the body and let her get a
little bit list she gets shy thank you
my love funny because I used to be an
abandoning thing I don't know why I
can't do this yeah she used to be a bass
player so she used to be up on stage all
the time and taking jager bombs at the
bar beforehand and mind you she took a
jagerbomb our wedding night and they
didn't agree with her did it no we got a
free shot because you know we go
downtown after the wedding and my
wedding dress yes that was a good time
because people from across the street
congratulation totally forgot I'm in my
wedding dress I was down oh yeah that's
right we go into this tub and there's
about six people in there I don't know
why we went there it was so dead very
good we were kind of bar hopping at this
point so far huh hanging a wedding up
but that could I was unacceptable anyway
we get a free shot he was Ichi was like
vodka I had vodka shot okay and i chose
Jaeger which you know I used to drink
and you should be totally fine and then
yeah I had my shot and two seconds later
it's one of those um just a hand jobs
but wow that would have sounded really
wrong no okay it's one of those were you
like take a shot and you instantly put
your hand over your mouth and throw up
into your hand and it's like squeezing
out for your fingers and it gets fun mr.
black out here you standing right in
front of me I I turn around I grabbed
the first girl I see and I booked it for
the bathroom and that was really I got
up my wedding dress I got some jager on
my wedding dress I gotta admit that you
did recover pretty damn quickly we
carried on the night well then really
have a chance to absorb that's true you
through straight up yeah as one of those
when the mouth starts watering you know
you're gonna
yeah I hate that I hate those I hate
those anyway yeah so I'm taking it down
to cut XP you're gonna have a blast down
to cut XP yeah yeah looking for i'm
looking forward to meeting everybody
looking filming yeah with a lot of the
guys in the Yash group that are going to
cut XP or bringing their ladies with him
so you'll get to mingle with the ladies
yeah talk crap about the guys oh yeah
yeah that's what I figured I'm really
looking forward to cut XP and we're
hoping to get some coverage of the event
why we're down there some definite like
recaps of the day it's on the Friday and
the Saturday so and then at night we're
probably gonna go check out some places
to go E and it's gonna be a blast and
hopefully we can get as much recording
as possible huh yeah if you guys have
any ideas for goofy things they can do
on camera let me know oh yeah yeah yeah
she's gonna be filming a lot on ya I'm
tellin ya my tart majority actually we
got these t-shirts made mmm baby shirts
we go make yeah he got a mr. black out
t-shirt me it's not pretty cool and I
got a mrs. what's mine say on the back
it says this is B it says says mrs.
black out on the front and then it says
property of British ninja on the bag I
can't wait to show him on film it's
gonna be great and what else did we want
to talk about why we're here i don't
know i think somebody put a comment
about lying to hear about how we first
met oh how did we post me in a bar I so
ghetto isn't it yeah in a bar in a bar
and this guy announced it during our
wedding reception speeches hey everybody
we met in a bar well I figured I'd clear
the air up you know that's true it was
briefing yeah well a lot of people ask
you you know how'd you guys meet and
there's really no way around it no
they're really mean it without it's just
like felt so trashy it does it does but
it wasn't it was kind of like the i saw
one girl at night and she saw one guy
and yeah we are eyes met and yet we can
make it sound as romantic as possible
come with it first love at first sight
yeah it's all spoiling from the sky so
anyway that's
on the detail from how we met yeah so
it's pretty self-explanatory what about
the game tomorrow I don't know I don't
know I was am oh yeah you're probably
going to hate on me first because you
you hear me screaming about ghosts
people and for most people i'm using
ghosting for moisture in this game
that's true yellows actually wow I just
said hella the Northern California 30
I've got used to it yeah oh um hey
remember that time uh guys when he was
he was playing the game right who's
playing what huh I was playing I was
playing domination yeah so I walk up to
him you know you know ladies we always
have something important to say it
doesn't matter what level of importance
it is it's always really high highly
important to us so I don't know what it
was it's probably something totally
stupid but I went up to him and I said
hey hey I was trying to get his
attention and he just kind of looked at
me in this panic mode and he's like what
the hell do you want giving me this look
what the hell do you want and I look at
the look at the screen and it's like the
most crucial moment weren't you like
right in the middle capturing I was
capturing a flag and there was like
maybe a quarter of it left to get and I
was just waiting for someone to come
around the corner kill me you may look
up with this green stand in her helpless
and all these people shooting out of ice
Oh probably nothing best time to
interrupt you you hold up so bad well
women women guys have the most
impeccable timing as far as disturbing
you while gaming she's a champ though
i'll give her her duty she leaves me
being led to the game and get on with it
but every now and then she comes to
disturb me and there couldn't be a more
crucial time in the game when it happens
right but yeah i gotta say i was being
married to a gamer whatever if you're
with a gamer at any level um what's
hilarious is you know they want to play
so bad right so they wanna stay on your
good side and so basically you can do it
all you want because they just want stay
on your good side so they can play so we
can keep gaming happy wife happy life
anyway the game starting to come to an
end here did you watch any of it no no I
was not watching you ain't you busy
looking at the mark
fun way to do with not much sexy
microphone it looks like a headset with
a hard-on I said hard like American hard
hard hard hard anyway people I hope you
enjoyed the commentary and me and mrs.
blackout will say goodbye but she'll be
back you'll be back right again let them
know people alright peace love you long
time yeah damn it yeah
go